Yes
You have to act ASAP
And when they got in touch, they started working together.
Then it's too late.
I see.
I'll do it now.
Shopkeeper, come here
Boss, you called me.
What about starting today?
Cut off the pottery
The supply of all milk tea ingredients in the restaurant
I see. That's strange.
It's been two hours
Why hasn't the workshop sent the milk tea ingredients yet?
Something always feels wrong.
President, why don't I go and have a look?
By the way, go to other restaurants and ask.
Have you received the milk tea ingredients?
Go, come back, understand
In charge?
What to shout
Are you blind?
How can I talk without seeing Lao Tzu here?
Hmph, I asked why you didn't send milk tea ingredients today
Delayed business
Can you take responsibility?
You, hurry up and send it to me.
I'll go to your uncle's
Boss Lin has spoken
From now on, your Taoran Restaurant
Never get a little milk tea ingredient
Get out of here